Fix some of the nits in #3214 (#4016)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

route to the correct endpoint. However, multiplexing connections on the same
local IP address and port while using zero-length connection IDs will cause
failures in the presence of peer connection migration, NAT rebinding, and client
port reuse. An endpoint MUST NOT use an IP address and port pair for multiple

> connections unless it is certain that those protocol features are not in use.

Reviewer: This misses the zero-length connection ID qualification, which is the key point.

Author: Tried to address this.

Valid packets sent to clients always include a Destination Connection ID that
matches a value the client selects.  Clients that choose to receive
zero-length connection IDs can use the local address and port to identify a
connection.  Packets that do not match an existing connection, based on

> Destination Connection ID or, if zero-length, local IP address and port,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destination Connection ID or, if this value zero-length, local IP address and port,
```

Reviewer 2: "this value **is**"

handshake.  Not all transport parameters are remembered, as some do not apply to
future connections or they have no effect on use of 0-RTT.

> The definition of new transport parameters ({{new-transport-parameters}}) is
> REQUIRED to specify whether they MUST, MAY, or MUST NOT be stored for 0-RTT. A

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The definition of a new transport parameter ({{new-transport-parameters}}) is
REQUIRED to specify whether it MUST, MAY, or MUST NOT be stored for 0-RTT. A
```
I think the singular reads better, especially with the change in keyword.

Reviewer: Also, MUST > REQUIRED.

Author: No, MUST == REQUIRED. (I think you are thinking of RECOMMENDED?)

handshake.  Not all transport parameters are remembered, as some do not apply to
future connections or they have no effect on use of 0-RTT.

The definition of a new transport parameter ({{new-transport-parameters}}) MUST

> specify whether that storing the transport parameter for 0-RTT is mandatory,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specify whether storing the transport parameter for 0-RTT is mandatory,
```

handshake.  Not all transport parameters are remembered, as some do not apply to
future connections or they have no effect on use of 0-RTT.

> The definition of a new transport parameter ({{new-transport-parameters}}) is
> REQUIRED to specify whether it MUST, MAY, or MUST NOT be stored for 0-RTT. A

Reviewer: This is fine, but I tend to prefer:

```suggestion
The definition of a new transport parameter ({{new-transport-parameters}}) MUST
specify whether that storing the transport parameter for 0-RTT is mandatory, optional, or prohibited. A
```

(Whether an extension uses 2119 language or not is not relevant, the level of requirement is.  And as these keywords are not used in this context in the way described in RFC 2119, this is better.)

server has successfully processed a Handshake packet from the client, it can
consider the client address to have been validated.

> Additionally, a server MAY consider the client address validated if the

Reviewer 2: 😄

instead of dropping it.  Endpoints react to congestion by reducing their sending
rate in response, as described in {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}.

Note that supporting ECN requires being able to set and read the ECN codepoints

> from the IP headers of packets carrying QUIC. On platforms where this is not

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
from the IP headers of datagrams carrying QUIC packets. On platforms where this is not
```

> possible, QUIC cannot support ECN.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 this is not possible, QUIC cannot support ECN.
```

On receiving a QUIC packet with an ECT or CE codepoint, an ECN-enabled endpoint
that can access the ECN codepoints from the enclosing IP packet increases the
corresponding ECT(0), ECT(1), or CE count, and includes these counts in
subsequent ACK frames; see {{generating-acks}} and {{frame-ack}}.  Note that
this requires being able to read the ECN codepoints from the enclosing IP

> packet, which is not possible on all platforms.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about this one.  IIRC, we were pretty deliberate about adding this text to note that compliance with the ECN guidance was conditional on OS support for doing so.

Reviewer 2: Yes, added in response to #2156 (PR #2201).

Author: Am fine with leaving this as is. @gorryfair?

Reviewer 4: Simply ignoring ECN is not an acceptable position.  My comment here was not a request to remove that. It was a request to clarify what happens on those other platforms: "On those platforms, QUIC will not enable use of ECN for this endpoint.”

Author: But if the platform doesn't allow access to the ECN bits, the QUIC stack will not be able to use ECN *at all*. So why scope this to an endpoint?

Reviewer 4: OK!  SO what I intended to be clear about was if a platform can't receive ECN marks, then use of ECN can't be enabled to this endpoint.

I too would like to leave the note.

Author: I added a paragraph to the previous section to clarify this.

Reviewer 4: That new text has resolved this NiT.
